analyse this user microservice (springboot)

my app is a intelligent app for web-based intelligent application designed for Alzheimer's patient management. The application will feature automatic detection of risk situations using business rules, real-time alert generation, and comprehensive patient tracking.It will also define clear roles for key users—administrators, caregivers, healthcare providers, and patients.

i want a microservice for medical history i going to give u some features of this service:


the medical history management must be has this entitie :
Patient ID: Unique identifier for the patient (fetched from user-service)
Patient Name: Name of the patient (fetched from user-service)
Provider : provider assigned to the patient.(fetched from user-service)
Caregiver: caregiver assigned to the patient.(fetched from user-service)
uploaded file:
file type:
createdAt
UpdatedAT
Diagnosis: List of medical conditions, including Alzheimer's diagnosis and other comorbidities (e.g., heart disease, diabetes).
Diagnosis Date: Date when the diagnosis was made.
Progression Stage: Alzheimer's disease progression (mild, moderate, severe).
Surgeries: A list of all previous surgeries and the dates performed (e.g., heart surgery, joint replacement).
Surgical Risks: Any complications during or after surgery that might impact current health (e.g., anesthesia reactions).
Genetic Risk: Information about the presence of genetic markers (e.g., APOE e4).
Family History: History of Alzheimer’s disease or related conditions in the patient’s family.
Environmental Factors: Exposure to environmental risks like toxins, infections, or lifestyle-related factors.
Comorbidities: Other diseases or conditions that increase the risk of Alzheimer’s progression, such as hypertension or diabetes.
Medication Allergies: List of any medication allergies.
Environmental Allergies: Known allergies to environmental factors like pollen, mold, or pet dander.
Food Allergies: Any food-related allergies.

Association:
patient (user role) OnetoOne medicalhistory
provider (user role) ManyToMany medicalhistory
caregiver (user role) ManyToMany medicalhistory
caregiver or provider (user roles) can assigned to the patient(user role)

ensure those relations with Openfeign


 

for the role Patient:
each patient can upload his medical record as a file or image ....
each patient can view his medical record
(ensure those relations with Openfeign)

for the role provider:
each provider can View Medical History of a patient
each provider can Add Medical History of a patient
each provider can Update Medical History of a patient
each provider can Delete Medical History of a patient
(ensure those relations with Openfeign)


for the role cargiver:
each caregiver can Review Medical History of a patient
(ensure those relations with Openfeign)


give all the steps to this microservice of medical history using spring boot and eureka and API Gateway and Openfeign to ensure the commincation with the user-service 
i want full completed codes for all the steps 



{
  "firstName": "John",
  "lastName": "Doe",
  "username": "doctor",
  "email": "john.doe@example.com",
  "phoneNumber": "1234567890",
  "gender": "Male",
  "age": 30,
  "role": "PROVIDER",
  "password": "password123"
}

re do those on reference to user-service and medical-history-service  i sended :
AlertService.java : complete it all and add missing codes give full codes
all controllers of riskalertservice : complete it all and add missing codes give full codes